Forward Data Lab. . . . Search this site . . --- --- . . Home. Research. Publications. People. Demos. Code/Datasets. . . . Home. . Sitemap. . . . Home. . . . FORWARD: Far-Out Reach to Worldwide Access and Retrieval of Data . . Or, if you wish, Fairly Obsessed in the Romance of the Web And Relational. Databases . The FORWARD group focuses on data access and retrieval, led. byProfessor Kevin C.C. Chang at the Computer Science Department, the. University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. This site is FORWARD 's public. portal on our research, publications, people, demos, and datasets.. . News and Highlights . . (January 2017) What is a "community"? What distinguishes one community from another? We proposed the interesting problem of community profiling \-- and -- and it just got accepted to VLDB 2017! Congrats Vincent and Hongyun! Get PDF.. . (January 2017) Our DataSpread project -- Interactive Database via Spreadsheet -- just made the first release! Download Release 0.1. . . (October 2016) Our paper " Semantic Proximity Search on Heterogeneous Graph by Proximity Embedding " is accepted to AAAI 2017! PDF.. . > (September 2016) Thanks NSF! Our DataSpread: Enabling Interactive Big Data. Management project is awarded NSF Award 1633755, $1,795,429, BIGDATA: F:. Bringing Interactive Data Management to Scientists, Analysts, and the Masses:. A Holistic Unification of Spreadsheets and Databases. PI: Kevin C.C. Chang,. and Co-PIs Karrie Karahalios and Aditya Parameswara. News.. . >. . > . >. . > (August 2016) Thanks NSF! Our BigSocial: Towards Big Social Data Platform. for Entity-Centric and User-Aware Analytics project is awarded NSF Award. 1619302, $500,000, III: Small: Social Discovery of Users and Content in. Social Media Through Similarity-Based and Graph-Based Inference of Attributes. and Queries . PI: Kevin C.C. Chang. News.. . > . > . . --- . . Sign in Recent Site Activity Report Abuse Print Page Powered By Google. Sites . .